docs: add workflows docs site (#119)
VeryGoodOpenSource/very_good_workflows: site/docs/overview.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Overview

[GitHub workflows][github_workflows_link] are configurable, automated processes that can run at various points during the development process. For example, a workflow can run when a pull request is created or updated to perform various code quality checks before allowing the changes to be merged.

> Very Good Workflows is a collection of workflows that we use at VGV to run automated checks in our CI pipelines. While built for VGV projects, they can be used by anyone.

Reviewer: Nit, I wonder if we should replace "While built for VGV projects" to "While built by VGV to be used internally..."

The "for" here gives me too authoritative vibes, if that makes sense

Author: ```suggestion
Very Good Workflows is a collection of workflows that we use at VGV to run automated checks in our CI pipelines. While built by VGV to be used internally, they can be used by anyone.
```
